[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Probably the most fascinating
time travel is the idea
of physical time travel to
leave with the body and then go,
and then literally disappear
from this time and then appear
in another time,
and then come back.
And the physical time
travel is definitely
something that can enter
not only our fantasy,
but can really our soul.
Whatever is the possibility
of a time travel--
it's an enormous
investment of energy.
And when I'm talking
about energy,
we are really talking about that
unit of energy that is directly
connecting to our vital energy.
It's directly
connecting to the energy
that we create when we are
living with fully consciousness
what is going on in our life.
Unit of vital energy.
So it's like to imagine
enormous quantity of effort,
and strength, and
attention by many people--
by many individuals to
make something possible.
That means to make something
possible like that, well,
you cannot do it for you.
You cannot do it
for your family.
for your people.
You have to do it for the
planet, for the world,
for a bigger aim,
for something that
is definitely much bigger than
our individual ideas or need.
Easiest one on the time travel
is what we are already doing.
It's called reincarnation.
When you have to
do a lot of change,
when the task is
really, very complex
and you have to do
a lot of things,
the best way is
simply to come back
to the time package
that is going
to host our soul
for an incarnation
where, in this case,
whatever we're going to do,
it's linked to
something that has
been originated by the point
from where we come from.
The second one-- the
physical time travel.
The physical time
travel is literally
the magical technology to
make the time travel possible.
For magical technology,
it means the knowledge
to use these enormous
quantity of energy
to literally create a break,
a connection or creating
that angle that allowed
us to cross all these time
packages, the 51.51, that bring
not only our soul, but also
our body to be in another time.
Modify what is
need to be modify.
And then in the same way
from another time door,
come back from where
we start everything,
keeping our conscious
for all the time.
That means we are
not forgetting,
but there is simply a
continuity of our experience,
but simply from one place to
another place from-- and then
back to the place from
where we came from.
The third kind of time travel--
we call possession.
The possession is a sort of very
high level of astral traveling,
where we move our
conscious to another person
or for another animal.
The fact that we need to keep
the doors open in all the time
is because literally, as we
are doing an astral travel,
there is what we call the golden
rope, the umbilical rope that
is the connection between
your physical body
and your astral body.
And you need to keep it open,
otherwise you're going to die.
So that's the reason why you
need to be with the door open
all the time.
So you need to train yourself
for an experience like that.
So in this case, animal
are excellent for that.
And believe me.
Possess a cat instead of a bird
or a fish instead of a dog.
It is absolutely very different.
Because you are taking all--
the character is of the animal.
But for example, to
explore territory before,
to know where you are, what
is there, the context--
animals-- they are a great
opportunity in this regards.
So reincarnation,
physical time travel,
and what we call possession
are to say the three
main instrument-- the
three main modality
that we can use when we
talk about interacting
with the past.
And we go to change
something that is creating
an effect right now, here.
When I'm saying it's changing
right now, here, wait a moment.
We might have two visions.
The first vision is
the cause/effect.
If I'm changing something in
the past in all these chain,
there's going to be a change.
It's not true?
Obviously, yes.
But this is our
vision here, now.
We know that this
is not correct.
We know that there
is not one time.
Actually, there
are multiple time.
And we are living, moving
in this different time,
in this different territory.
We are creatures of time that
they are moving into time.
They're not just going there.
My mind can give me the
illusion that time is only one.
And I'm choosing only the next.
Oh, this is not true.
My mind cannot accept
that if, for an example,
I went back 2,700 years
back into the past.
And I'm going to Egypt.
And I'm going in a
specific moment of time
where there's no money
and possibilities.
But it's so important
to build a new pyramid.
And I have to convince a
pharaoh to build that pyramid.
And let's imagine that
I succeed to do that.
And then the pharaoh
with an enormous effort,
with their population, they are
creating a pyramid there, OK?
That pyramid-- all
of a sudden, it's
already there when I come back.
But it's there like
it was always there.
Nobody can see, feel,
perceive the difference
from before and after.
It's already there.
Because again, everything
came back to the evolution,
to the reason why we're here.
That is the reason
why to evolve,
to spiritualize the
matter, to transform
the matter to becoming
light, to bring
the universal form to be
reunited with the real from we
came from.
From where?
These primeval human
divinity start everything
and then brings many
different pieces
inside of the matter that are
us and everything here, OK?
We are just a little
bigger pieces.
That's the reason why we
call ourself divine spark.
Talking now about the
physical time travel,
that in a subtle way is
the basic preparation
for all the others.
The possession one-- the same
part of preparation of physical
is involved in the other one.
In this sphere-- how
we describe time--
if you move something
in one direction,
you need to
compensate what you're
moving in the other direction.
I'm talking about mass.
Yes, the physical
mass, our mass.
So we are occupying a space.
We have a specific
mass in this case.
There are events that are
not possible to be changed
in the structure of time.
You can't.
Even if you bring five packages
of bags of neutral events,
if you're going to
do several travel--
no, you can't
change these events.
Which are these events?
These events are what is,
naturally or not, obviously
is moving a large
quantity of mass.
Practical example?
Well, earthquake,
volcano eruption,
an asteroid that is
impacting with the planet.
So events that are involving
so much movement of mass--
they are becoming still,
like you cannot move it.
These are like in a map
the point of reference
to know where you are.
For a time traveler,
all these events
are the GPS to know
exactly where you are.
So you cannot change it.
But coming back now to
our physical time travel,
let's understand better
what it means to compensate.
So whatever that you
add in one place,
you need to put
in another place.
So whatever, for example, is
the mass of the time traveler,
you need to move this same
relative mass to the time
from where the time
traveler has been moving.
So if I'm 66 kilos and I move--
I don't know--
2,700 years in the
past, well, there
might be a compensation of
a mass at least of 66 kilos.
Luckily, this doesn't
need to be another person.
I mean, it could be
the mass of a rock.
It could be the
mass of a person.
It could be the mass
of water, for example.
And just mentioning water--
it's the easiest substance, is
being used for compensation.
That's the reason why
many of the places where
there is the technology,
the machines to do the time
travel--
they are next to source
of water or where
there is containers of water.
Because the water
in this case can
be compensated in one
way or another way when
the time traveler--
it's been-- sent it back
in that part of time.
This is what we talk
about-- compensation.
There is a preparation
that in this case,
it's involving many different
level of the person.
The first level is
the physical level.
So you need to train yourself.
You need to train yourself.
It means also that you need
to be prepared for everything.
When we travel in
time physically,
we cannot bring
anything with us.
We cannot export complexity.
Or in a subtle way, we might
bring just little things
inside of our mouth,
but very little.
Because they are
inside of the body.
But nothing that could
be brought outside.
So in our hand, my
friend, I'm telling you
that you travel naked--
literal naked.
Not because you want to impress
the others on the other side.
It's because literally you
cannot bring anything with you.
So for example,
traveling naked--
it means that I need to
know how to walk barefoot.
I need to know how to survive if
I'm in a very warm environment
or maybe in a cold environment.
And then I need to
prepare to survive
in any kind of occasion.
Because obviously,
everything is always
done to be perfectly
aligned to go and come back.
There is always a
percentage of risk.
Always.
That's obvious, OK?
Which is the risk?
The risk is to be stuck
there, not to come back,
not to be able to return.
And then you need to have all
the possibilities to survive
as long as needed, then to
recreate a condition to open
a time door and come back.
So I need to protect myself.
I need to build a place where
I can rest and recover myself.
I need to recognize
what I can eat.
So it's literally a
survival preparation
where you learn how to
do whatever is needed.
Or is it with the hope that
you don't need to do anything?
It's also to be able
to orient yourself.
Why?
The time door is not
always in the same place
where we are arriving.
Why?
This is also connecting to
the movement of the Earth.
So when I'm arriving,
it's not the same place
where I'm going to leave.
Because in any case, the
Earth is going to move, OK?
So I need also to know
how to orient myself
with whatever I have.
If it's winds, if it's stars,
if it's moon, if it's sun,
it doesn't matter.
I need to know
where I'm located.
And then there is also
the mental, psychological
preparation.
And believe me, this
is not less important.
We used to say in
our spiritual path--
it's sometimes better to
don't know than to know.
You know what I'm talking about.
So when we know things,
we become responsible, OK?
We need-- we carry on the
responsibility of knowing.
So our action, our choices--
they're becoming how I say--
with a different weight.
Sometimes for your safety,
it's much better not to know,
not to remember.
You don't want to
remember things
that is going to shake yourself
for the rest of your life.
No, thank you.
So psychologically
speaking, you need
to train yourself to be
able to remember what
is useful to remember,
because these are information
or element that you
bring back home.
But even more important, you
need to know how to forget.
Sometimes I just want to keep
out the romance of all of this.
It's not a time travel--
it's going to be fighting with
this, and jumping on that,
and then opening the temple,
and touching and enter it.
No, no.
This isn't "Indiana Jones," OK?
Sometimes separation-- a very
precise and very specific, like
move a stone from one
point to another point.
Because simply, that stone--
it's going to create a
change in the events that are
going to have a reflection now.
But this is because--
and these are the element that
we still have to discover.
You can observe the
wave that that event
is creating on the
entire territory,
making then the effect from
where you came from, OK?
The third element--
I would say it's really
the spiritual meaning,
the spiritual ideas that
there is behind every
of this kind of action.
So it's meant to be enriched
with values insignificant that
are not own individual,
but they are collective.
So now that we described
the different kind
of time traveling, let's
try to describe how it is,
so how this is going
to happen and which
are the emotion or the feeling
that a time traveler is passing
through when this--
it can happen.
Probably some of you already
remember the physical time
travel done by Falco
and Dovilio Brero,
the painter of the amazing
pictures about Atlantis.
Well, I want to describe the
magic technology at the time
and what is now possible to
do with the magic technology
that we have available.
When we talk about
Falco in the video,
we talk about the earliest '80s.
At that moment in
the '80s, Damanhur
was just the beginning.
The temple was just at the
beginning, just a few chambers
that was complete.
So the temple was still
not the perfect machine,
the perfect bridge, the
perfect station that it still
needed to recreate a point of
connection between time, space,
and dimension.
Because it's not
just about time.
But it's really about
also these other aspect.
We can imagine that
all around the planet,
as I've been describing
these places,
that they have a
different flow of events,
a different flow of time, a
different density of time,
nearby the synchronic lines.
So these differences--
sometimes they
can also create some interesting
effect like natural time gates.
So time door that
in some occasion,
they can really connect
one time to another time.
The fact that where
we create Damanhur--
there are four synchronic lines.
It makes this entire
territory, but not
only where Damanhur is
physically, but also nearby.
The four are very interesting--
extremely interesting places,
that they have these anomalies,
anomalies that
are very important
then if you know how to use it.
Well, at the time
in the [INAUDIBLE],,
the need was truly to
reconnect with Atlantis, also
bringing back images, symbols,
signs of Atlantis to reinforce
something that, as you
rediscover already,
it is separated by a fracture
in the time territory,
this canyon that is
really separating
the time from another time.
So what about reconnect
with that level of evolution
that we lost with Atlantis
and bring it back here?
Will now be an enormous spin,
an enormous acceleration,
an enormous--
let's say in rubber
cement of the branch.
Well, we believe so.
That's the reason why.
There is this directly
connection with Atlantis.
And don't forget.
Atlantis is being also not
only an important civilization
for the planet Earth.
But we are talking
about a civilization
that is touching the star.
We call it an empire.
And if I can, not only a
galactic empires as maybe
a movie like "Star Wars" can
inspire in us, but literally
a time empire.
So how is to do a time travel?
Well, in this case, it's
a little bit more rustic,
if I can say.
Well, because the
temple was not there.
And because these natural gate--
these anomalies as
I mentioned before--
they are outdoor.
Actually, it's a specific
place that is nearby Damanhur.
They are called
the Devil's Bridge.
And in this case is
an old Roman bridge.
But nearby there is a
specific point close
to a rock-- to a huge rock.
That is one of these
natural time door.
To describe it, it's like
to imagine a black hole that
is going to be created
in front of you
with a sort of white line
that is moving like a S.
Well, this sensation--
it's obviously very personal.
But it is really like your heart
is going in your throat then--
The only thing that you
know when your soul--
when you feel the door
opening, it's literally
physically to jump into it.
Dovilio and Falco--
they've been both naked--
jump into it, arriving
in a specific time door.
When they arrive, someone
was awaiting them.
Dress.
And then in this case, they
did three days and three nights
in the capital of
Atlantis, because they
need to visit places
that they can touch what?
The memory of people.
Dovilio and Falco
in that moment--
they are reappearing from
one of this time door,
disappearing from
the time of Atlantis
and reappearing in the time
here in the early '80s.
One of the reason why Falco
was bringing Dovilio with him
is so bring back pictures, bring
back element of the Atlantis
culture.
And because Dovilio is
one of these painters
with these photographic memory.
So the capacity to paint
exactly precisely what he
was sowing with these eyes.
So he took him as
a natural camera
to then bring back the
different paintings
that there have been shows
in the [INAUDIBLE] from Gaia.
So this is definitely one of
the physical time travel that
has been described for
a really long time ago
and is described with
what we had at the time.
Now, let's see how
it is many years
after when our possibilities
are definitely different.
And what is different?
Well, number one is the temple.
The temple of
humankind that is again
following that stone language--
the temple is done
in the same way.
There's not a corner.
There's not an angle.
The design has a meaning.
Color or shape paintings.
Tiffany glass.
Everything.
It's done to enrich of
knowledge a place that
is speaking into the rock.
The temple is a perfect station.
It's a perfect laboratory.
It's a perfect place.
So you don't have to
go outdoor anymore.
They are inside of
the temple already--
the access to the energy,
to the source of energy that
are needed.
Different kind of energy.
Because I told you this
is an enormous investment.
And the only reason why to
use the temple for time travel
is for something that is
not connecting to Damanhur,
but is something that is
connecting to the humankind,
otherwise will not
make any sense.
Now, the temple-- it's
definitely the opportunity
to have something that make
your life much easier in time
of time traveling.
So not only because the
temple is these huge Selfica
structure.
We've been talking
about Selfica.
And you know that inside of
the structure of the temple--
I mean, walls, floors, roofs--
there are kilometers.
Miles and miles of
Selfica circuits
that are creating what?
An enormous Selfica
an antenna able
in this case to attract not
only powerful intelligence.
Because we already know
that Selfica is not just
the technology,
but is really like
to realign with the
partners that in the past
it was beside the humankind for
the evolution of this planet.
Intelligence that are
vibrating differently
to be here to support us.
And it's thanks to the Selfica's
intelligence and this Selfica
technology that there
is the possibility
to manage this energy
to literally work
on the structures of time and
through that angle to penetrate
the different time packages
to arrive exactly where it's
needed.
This is the technology
that we develop
in what we call the cabin.
The cabins.
And we talk about many of them.
Not only one in the temple,
but also in other place
in Damanhur.
They are based on all these
very complex Selfica structure.
They look more like to enter
in the piece of the future that
is still not here.
It's thanks to the Selfica
structure and thanks
to the cabins that inside of
the cabins, inside of these bars
that are fulfill of Selfica.
And then they are going to be
excited both by magnetic field.
So there is electrical
conductor that
are creating different
magnetic field.
But also, laser
light that are going
to excite part of
the liquids that
are containing the
different spherical, which
are the liquids.
Or the liquids are memories,
our information contain it,
alchemically speaking, to
activate the spherical and then
the entire structure
for what is needed.
But also, vibrations of sound.
So different frequencies of
sound that they make literally
vibrate at different bars to
create that same effect that
is the opening of the
time door that I'd
been describing before.
So this is what is
needed, but it's also
needed a lot of energy.
Particle energy, also.
Energy that, for
example, could be
created by singing, playing
dancing, using rhythm, and et
cetera.
At the time, we needed to
create this quantity of energy
before the time traveling.
But now, luckily,
we can accumulate
these energy all along the
week or all along the month
to then use it whenever
is then needed.
But you also need to charge
of this kind of energy,
because it's fundamental
to make everything works.
In particular, what we're
using is the spheres.
They are spheres actually
all over the temple.
And the spheres are both
connected to synchronic line.
But also, the spheres are used
for exploring time, observation
during that travel.
Let me say for safety
reason, to check
that everything is going well.
There are other people,
other specialized operators,
if we want to say
like this, that
are doing a sort of
overviewing of what
is going on in the time travel.
So using the spheres
are literally
like to turn on a screen that is
observing exactly what the time
traveler is doing.
And in some rare case,
also able to create
some paranormal effect to
support or to help the time
traveler, like to make
spheres appear in this room--
spheres of light moving.
Or maybe to create a thunder
or a light, or a siren.
So little, small
physical effect.
And the time that
they can support,
for example, the traveler
to do what it's doing like,
OK, you don't believe me?
Look, I am this.
And if you don't
believe them, it's boom.
And then it's pretty
helpful, I have to admit,
in many occasion.
So before, during, and after.
What it means after?
It is too easy or it's
too natural, then,
not to perceive the change
that we did in time.
Because our mind-- it's a
sequence of cause/effect.
So I need then to
have something that
can observe without
be influenced by time,
observing the different change.
So I can measure the fact that
I've been succeeding or not
in that specific operation.
At this point, when
everything is ready,
you are then introduced.
You're naked inside
of the cabin.
The cabin is going to
be activated in the way
that I did before that
I describe it before,
until in a sort of moment with
everything that is vibrating,
that is creating these
magnetic field, that is having
the excitement of all
the programs inside
of the sphere itself,
the liquids, and so on.
Literally, the time traveler in
a specific position of the body
will have the time door--
this black hole with
these sort of white S
moving in the middle.
It will appear in front
of the time traveler.
At that point, you
don't have any doubt.
You have to jump.
Don't waste one single second.
When you jump, you literally
disappear from this time.
Compensating with mass,
the water then-- it
need to be transferred from
one time to another time.
And you are on the other side.
If the travel--
it's a long travel.
And remember, you're
going to stop where?
In one of these time castles.
Because you need to breathe
a little bit to recharge
yourself, to bring
maybe whatever we need,
energetically speaking, in
terms of neutral events,
to then jump again and
arrive to the destination.
So obviously, depend to
how far time wise you go.
I don't want to forget
that in the preparation
of the codes and everything
that you're receiving.
You also need to know
exactly when and how it's
going to manifest the
door to come back.
Because safety is always
the most important thing.
So we need to ensure that
the traveler can come back.
So you know exactly that you go.
You have to do whatever
you have to do.
And as I told you,
sometimes you just
need to move something from
one place to another place.
And then you have to run away.
Come back exactly
in that point that
is being-- describe it
precisely before you
are left in that time.
Because at the right
moment, the time door
will reappear exactly like
a black hole with this S
while it moving.
And you need to jump
in and literally
disappear from that
time and reappearing
inside of the cabin.
That is how physically it works.
[MUSIC PLAYING]